[TT-14171] Update documentation for master (#6084)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/shared/dashboard-config.md

ENV: <b>TYK_DB_REDISADDRS</b><br />
Type: `[]string`<br />

> Used for configuring Redis clusters. See [Redis Cluster and Tyk Dashboard](https://tyk.io/docs/tyk-stack/tyk-gateway/configuration/redis-cluster/) for more info. Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Used for configuring Redis clusters. See [Redis Cluster and Tyk Dashboard](https://tyk.io/docs/tyk-open-source/#redis-cluster-and-tyk-dashboard) for more info. Example:
```

ENV: <b>TYK_DB_HTTPSERVEROPTIONS_MINVERSION</b><br />
Type: `uint16`<br />

> Minimum TLS version. See [TLS and SSL](https://tyk.io/docs/basic-config-and-security/security/tls-and-ssl/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Minimum TLS version. Possible values: https://tyk.io/docs/api-management/certificates#supported-tls-versions
```
